[Music]
then uh come on I want you to see this I
want you to see this this is great
alignment just don't see us anytime you
[Applause]
[Music]
don't be scared I'm scared for you man
for what's happened to you it's this
car I know you jealous
[Music]
we'll always be friends as long as you
stick with me and you know what happens
to shooters who don't know what does
happen
well let's not kid each other Dennis
why the ships
all
lays on your side
she cares a lot about you
hey don't you like this beer don't you
like beer do you know what I just said
let me tell you a little something about
love Dennis
it has voracious appetite he needs
everything friendship family it kills me
how much it eats but I'll tell you
something else you feed it right and it
can be a beautiful thing and that's what
we had you know when someone believes in
you man you can do anything any
thing in the entire universe when you
believe right back in that someone then
watch out world cuz nobody can stop you
then nobody ever and you feel this way
about me no talking about Christine
man no ever came between me and
Christine now you watch this
[Music]
chicken oh man there is nothing
finer than being behind the wheel of
your own car except maybe for
[Music]